Talk to anyone who is a generation of too older, and they would most likely comment that children are more spoiled these days, Q19: No one wants to have or be around, demanding, selfish and spoiled children, those who get bad tempered onsilently brewed when they' re not given everything they want imnediately. Paradaxically, the parents of such childrer encouraged this demandina behavior in the mistaken belief that by giving their children everything they can, their children will be happy.

In the short term, perhaps they are right. But in the longer term, such children end up lonely, dependent, chronically dissatisfied and resentful of the parents, who tried so hard to please them. Undoubtedly, parents want to raise happy children who are confident, capable, and likable rather than spoiled and miserable. Q20: One factor hindering this is that parents can't or don't spend enough quality time with their kids and substitute this deficit with toys, games, gadgets, and the like. Rather than getting material things, children need parents devote their attention. The quantity of time spent together is less important than the content of that time. Instead of instantly satisfying their wishes, parents should helpthem work out a plan to earn things they'd like to have. This teaches them to value the effort as well as what it achieves.

Allow them to enjoy anticipation. Numerous psychological studies have demonstrated that children who learn to wait for things they desire are more likely to succeed in a number of ways later in life.

One famous experiment in the 1960s involved 3 to 6-year-old children. They were given a choice betveen receiving a small reward such as a cookie immediately. Or if they waited 15 minutes, they could have two. Follow up studies have found that those who chose to delay satisfaction and now more academically successful have greater self worth and even tend to be healthier. Q21: If they fail, children should be encouraged to keep trying rather than to give up if they really want the desired result. This teaches them how to handle and recover from disappointment, which is associated with greater success and satisfaction, academically, financially and in personal relationships.

flag{Y0u_R3alLY_kN0w_cOmPr3sS!}

And lastly, parents should encourage their children to look at life from othier points of view, as well as their own. This teaches them to be understanding of and sympathetic towards others, qualities sure to take them a long way in life.

But most of us are reluctant to start these conversations because we presume the opposite. In an experiment,commuters who talk to nearby strangers found their commute more enjoyable than those who didn't. They were asked to predict whether they'd enjoy the commute more if they conversed with other people. Intriguingly, most expected the more solitary experience to be more pleasurable. Why is this? Social Anxiety appears to be the problem.People's reluctance to start conversations with nearby strangers comes partly from under estimating others interest in connecting.

The sad thing is that people presume that a nearby stranger doesn't want to converse and don't start a conversation. Only those who forced themselves to chat because it was acquired by an experiment found out what a pleasant experience it could be. Human beings are social animals. Those who misunderstand the impact of social interactions may not, in some context, be social enough for their own well-being. You should be chatting with the strangers you encounter. You may occasionally have a negative encounter that might stick in your memory. This is because the human brain is biased to dwell on negative events, but starting conversations with strangers is still well worth the risk of rejection. It may surprise you that conversing with strangers will make them happier, too. The pleasure of connection seems contagious.